[AUDIO LOGO]
>> Today on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
We're with Richard Doty,
a retired special agent who
served in the Air Force Office
of Special Investigations.
Richard was intimately
involved with UFO/ET-related
intelligence.
Today, we discuss a covert
defense research agency, DARPA.
Richard, welcome to the show.
>> Thank you.
Good to be here, Emery.
>> Richard, what is DARPA?
>> DARPA is an agency controlled
by the Department of Defense.
It monitors all
government contracts.
It's called the Defense Advanced
Research Project Agency.
That's the abbreviation DARPA.
And they deal almost exclusively
with special access programs
dealing with high technology
or advanced technology.
And they're given
to-- given contracts
to a number of different
defense contractors
all over the United States
and even all over the world.
There's actually
foreign companies
that can get contracts
through DARPA.
>> What number of contracts
are we talking here worldwide
for just DARPA?
>> Oh, thousands and
thousands of contracts.
For instance, the new
plane, new bomber that's
being built, the B-21.
That's given out, that's-- we're
talking about a $300 billion
contract and building about
hundreds of those planes.
That's just an example of a
contract that is monitored
and controlled by DARPA.
Now, DARPA doesn't
make anything.
DARPA just controls
the money that
is transferred from the
Department of Defense
to DARPA and from DARPA
to the defense contractor.
>> What's DARPA's primary focus?
>> In the '60s, they created
DARPA to control and manage
the number--
the high number
of contracts that
are being given to
defense contractors.
And that's what DARPA does.
They just manage the contracts.
>> And who do they report to.
>> They report to the
Department of Defense,
the acquisition and
budgeting office.
>> Is DARPA strictly in the
United States of America?
Or is it like an
international body?
>> They're primarily
in the United States,
but they have satellite offices
all over the United States that
controls contractor
contracts within the defense
contractor's area of operation.
But they also have contracts
with foreign governments.
For instance, Australia.
There's a number of contracts
being monitored and managed
by DARPA from
Australian contractors.
If you go to Pine Gap near
Alice Springs in Australia,
you can find an
NSA facility there.
And then an NSA facility,
National Security Agency
facility, control satellites
both uplink and downlink
of information from
defense satellites and even
Australian satellites.
And so there's contractors there
that are controlled by DARPA.
DARPA gives them contracts
to help manage the facilities
at Pine Gap.
>> So Pine Gap, I know, has
been there quite a while.
So these are ongoing contracts.
It's not just for building
things, and they're done.
>> No, they're
ongoing contracts.
They're reoccurring.
They call them
reoccurring contracts,
which every year, at the end
of fiscal year, September,
they re-examine the
contracts, give them
more money or less money,
but they renew the contracts
for the next fiscal year.
Some contracts are for one
year or multiple years,
I think, up to five years.
I think law within
our government,
you can give a contract
for a period of five years.
And then it has to be maybe
reissued or out for bidding
after that.
>> What is the relevance to
extraterrestrial reality?
>> DARPA creates contracts for
certain defense contractors that
relate directly to
nonhuman intelligence,
nonhuman technology,
and nonhuman biologics.
They give these contracts to
certain defense contractors,
such as Raytheon, Lockheed
Martin, Skunk Works, Grumman.
There's, I think, 190 different
companies that currently have--
within the last
fiscal year, currently
have billions and billions of
dollars in defense contracts
through DARPA.
And the majority
of those dealing
with reverse engineering.
>> Well, can you give us an
example of a task that DARPA
would be issued to do?
>> One of the items that I was
privately involved with was
a communications device that
we had acquired on a crashed
extraterrestrial craft.
Motorola Corporation, which
makes defense radios and police
radios, two-way radios,
advanced communications devices,
they were given a
very large contract.
I don't know the exact amount,
but it was up around $35 to $40
billion to examine and
try to reverse engineer
a communications device
that we got from a nonhuman
intelligence.
And so they spent years
and years and years
trying to understand and
try to reverse engineer
this particular
communications device.
>> Are you telling me that's
where the iPhone came from?
>> Maybe.
That's a possibility.
>> Did they accomplish
the mission?
>> They didn't.
They haven't yet.
No, they haven't yet.
Because the technology
is so advanced.
We have to develop newer
technology to understand
extraterrestrial technology.
We have to advance our
technology to the point
where we could look in
at something that's alien
and try to understand it.
And they estimate
that we would have
to advance our technology
20 to 25 years in order
to understand this
communications device.
>> All that makes
complete sense.
Let's get an example of how
DARPA task another contractor
out for, like, biologics.
>> Well, there's at
Johns Hopkins University,
which everybody knows is one
of the most advanced research
centers in the East Coast.
And they built a
facility a few years ago,
which pertains directly
to nonhuman intelligence.
And they received a $119
million contract through DARPA.
>> That's public information?
>> That's information.
But the $119 million, where it
went is not public information.
But the rumors out
there is that they're
studying extraterrestrial
biologics at this facility.
It's heavily armed.
It has advanced
systems for security.
There's a number of top-level
scientists and doctors working
at that facility.
And therefore, people
suspect it to be pertaining
to a special access
program, which
deals with extraterrestrials.
>> Why do you think they would
include John Hopkins in this
when that facility should be
like on Kirtland Air Force base?
>> I know that John Hopkins
for years have dealt with this
program, have experimented with
tissues that were sent there,
because they have advanced
research facilities there
and high-level trained doctors.
And so I think one of the
reasons is that they--
because the facility is such
a renowned facility and that
they have a Defense
Department contract facility
in a different building
than from where
the hospital and the
Medical Center is,
and I think that's
one of the reasons.
>> And you and I both know the
best place to hide something is
in broad daylight,
right down the street.
>> Exactly.
Exactly.
And I think that's
why they put it there.
Now, there's other facility
that deals with this.
Lovelace Research Center
at Kirtland Air Force Base
is another facility that
they've done research
with nonhuman biologics.
There's very little known
about that facility other
than some of the
people have spoken out.
There was an article
in a newspaper,
an Albuquerque newspaper
some years ago about somebody
speaking up and saying, we
have nonhuman pieces of bodies
at that facility that
they've dealt with.
And this person
wasn't a scientist.
It was somebody who
just worked there,
but he opened up the gate,
so to speak, to question what
that facility was used for.
>> I directly worked for
Lovelace While at Kirtland Air
Force Base, and they were
definitely doing that.
>> You know.
>> I know.
What our special access
programs and how are they
related to DARPA's mission?
>> Special access programs
contains one of the highest
classifications of any type of
programs that the government
has.
And they deal exclusively,
almost exclusively
with extraterrestrial biologics,
extraterrestrial biological
entities, technologies
pertaining
to extraterrestrial crafts,
communications devices
pertaining to extraterrestrials.
Anything extraterrestrials is
covered under a special access
program, which contains
sensitive compartmented
information that
can't be disclosed.
In fact, there's laws
out there on the books,
titled 50 United
States code, Title 18.
There's a number of laws that
protects the special access
programs from being disclosed
or even talked about.
And another thing
that the government
does, they hide some of these
special access programs in Title
40 United States Code, which
is the Atomic Energy Act.
Remember, the Atomic Energy Act
is exempt from FOIA requests.
So if you put something
in the Atomic Energy
Act, which is Title
42 United States Code,
you can't get it through FOIA.
>> They hide it all.
>> Not even you could
get it or, I mean, OSI.
>> If there was a need to know,
a government agency could get
it, yes.
>> OK.
What advanced
technology can you talk
about that's related to DARPA?
>> Alien technology.
What they--
>> What kind of examples
could you give us?
>> Well, DARPA doesn't
hold this technology.
They give it to the
defense contractors.
And they monitor those
programs, these contracts
that these defense
contractors are working on.
And they're directly related
to nonhuman intelligence.
And everything that this
defense contractor is doing
is being reported back to DARPA.
And almost every facility,
every contract facility
where there's a DARPA
contract, there's
DARPA personnel that work there
that monitor these programs.
There's also AFOSI agents
at every single one
of these facilities monitoring
that security program.
>> So they're in
charge of security?
>> They're in
charge of security.
>> Are there any other
contracted security that's part
of that?
>> The company can
contract out security.
But the overall
security, the not
necessarily the
physical security--
>> They oversee.
>> The administrative
security is done by AFOSI.
>> OK.
Now, is DARPA the
only organization
that's in control of all
extraterrestrial technology
and biology?
>> No, it's compartmented.
DARPA gets the contract
or the requirement
for the contract from the
Defense Intelligence Agency.
>> So they don't
have another place,
the Defense Intelligence
Agency says, no,
I don't want to
send it to DARPA,
let's send it over here instead?
>> No, everything is
filtered through DARPA.
By law, DARPA has to
control these contracts.
They're professionals
that do that, manage it.
Contract administration,
they call
it, where they're
administering those contracts,
make sure every I is
dotted, every T is crossed,
and every requirement
in those contracts
are being applied
through the contractor.
And that's what DARPA's
responsibility is.
The information that
is reported back
to DARPA regarding
whatever contract
they're on, for
instance, if there
is some kind of
extraterrestrial widget
that is being given
to Boeing, and Boeing
is going to remanufacture
that or reverse engineer
that, that information
eventually goes back
to the intelligence agency,
Defense Intelligence Agency,
through DARPA.
>> So what have we learned
about reverse-engineered
extraterrestrial technology?
>> Well, we learned that there's
a lot of items out there that we
obtained through crash
retrieval or maybe given to us
by extraterrestrials.
And there's rumors out there
that they've left crafts for us
to reverse engineer or to use.
They even left some ETs here to
assist us in reverse engineering
those or to fly them.
And so those
technologies are here
that we, the United
States government,
is trying to reverse engineer to
use to advance our technology.
Now, unfortunately, most of the
ET technology, as I understand,
is far more advanced than
ours, maybe thousands of years,
maybe 10,000 of years,
maybe a million years.
And so we're given this
widget, but sometimes we
can't even understand what this
is for or how it could be used.
We have to advance our
technology to the point
that we can understand
this, this widget, and all
the components within that or
how it's being manufactured.
>> That's a large
learning curve.
>> Absolutely.
>> It must take time and even
more programs to do that.
>> Oh, and money.
>> Programs for programs.
>> Exactly.
And a lot of money.
>> So when the military, Air
Force, Navy, Army, Marines,
finds a craft or a body,
how is that handled?
Does it go right to DARPA?
What's the protocol for that?
>> Well, they immediately have
to notify the crash recovery
teams.
And that's included in a
military regulations, Department
of Defense regulation.
The crash retrieval
people, the Air Force,
would respond and
recover the items
and making sure that nothing
is kept by whoever found it.
And that's one job of AFOSI
coming in and debriefing
and assuring that all the
materials found at that crash
site has been turned
over to the government.
And once that's done,
then all that material
goes to the Air Force.
And then there's a process
whereby the Defense Intelligence
Agency Foreign Technology
Division gets involved
in dishing out contracts
to try to understand what
this craft, how this craft
lies, what this craft is,
how it's made, and so forth.
>> You're telling me there's
definitely a lot of research
before anything
is actually made.
>> Yeah.
I think at one time I was
told that from the time
a craft is found at a
crash site and recovered,
everything recovered and
the crash site cleaned up,
the time that a contract
is given to a contractor
can be up to five years.
>> Wow.
>> So the Air Force keeps that
in captivity or in storage
at Papoose Lake or
Area 51 or Tonopah.
And they're probably
analyzing it themselves.
But they have to, number
one, make sure it's safe,
the craft is safe to
give to a contractor,
that there's not some
kind of defense mechanism
that could harm people.
And number two, whether
there's hazardous materials
in that craft that
could make humans sick.
And then number
three, that they have
a way of transporting that
craft from point A to point B.
>> And how do they
triage that, Richard?
Because let's say
a craft came down
today, tomorrow and the next
day, and they have three
craft now.
Who's to say which one
gets put on the shelf
and which one are they
going to move forward with?
>> Well, I think it's what they
can understand and how quick
they can answer those three
questions of whether it's safe
for a human, if there's
any defense mechanism,
a weapon system on board that
if a defense contractor touches
this, this thing is going to
explode or something like that.
And then a method or
a way to transport it.
Once they've answered
all those questions,
then they can decide on,
number one, who gets it?
Whether it's a sole
source bid, meaning
only one particular
contractor, like
Skunk Works would get
this, because they're
the only ones who could deal
with it and reverse-engineer it,
or whether it's going
to be put out for bid.
Now, if it's put
out for bid, that's
another strange
entity within DARPA,
because they can't tell
everybody exactly what it is.
So they have to work
around all that, where
they speak in generalities.
They have a foreign aircraft.
They have a foreign--
they don't call it
extraterrestrial at that point.
But once the final
contract is written,
then you'll see the word
extraterrestrial or nonhuman
intelligence, nonhuman craft
or some terminology like that.
>> They ever like cater
to a specific contractor,
knowing in the past this
contractor did better than this
one?
Is there a lack of manpower?
>> They use sole source.
It's called a sole
source bid, meaning
Skunk Works will say we want it
because we've done 20 of them
before or whatever.
And so the government knows.
And there's provisions
in US law that
allow sole-source
contracts to be issued.
I mean, I can--
even during my time, we had
only one particular defense
contractor that
could do something.
And so we always
gave them the bed,
because there was nobody else
out there that was qualified
to do that particular work.
And for instance, Skunk Works
have done these things before.
They have the facilities,
they have the techniques,
and they have the
scientists and technicians.
So if you have
something like this,
the only place to send it to
would be Skunk Works or maybe
Boeing.
So that's called
sole-source bidding.
>> So how much of this tech is
within the government compared
to within the
civilian corporations?
>> One of the things that
the civilian contractors do,
they have their own
developmental programs.
They work-- say, for
instance, this year they just
reverse-engineered or
had a craft that they
were reverse-engineering.
Now they learn a lot from that.
Now there's only a certain
amount of information
they can maintain as
a proprietary item.
>> To bring to the public.
>> Right.
But they get the idea.
I mean, you can't take the idea
out of the scientist's mind.
So they can have their own
research and development
going on.
And a lot of them do.
Skunk Works, Lockheed, Skunk
Works, Boeing, Raytheon,
Grumman had them,
a number of other,
L3Harris, a number
of contractors
have their own research
and development going on
based on what they learned
from extraterrestrial crafts.
So they can do their own
research and development
for items that can be used
in the general public.
But they can't connect that item
with a reverse-engineered alien
craft, because that would
be a violation of law.
>> And where do you see
all this research taking us
in the future?
>> Well, hopefully,
at some point,
and I think a bill in Congress
would have to be generated
to allow some of this
information and some of this
technology that we have
developed or obtained from
extraterrestrials to be
filtered through the public.
Now, I know Colonel Corso
wrote a book about this.
I believe in what he
wrote, although maybe not
everything in the book is
absolutely 100% correct.
But I think everything he
wrote about reverse-engineering
and what we got from
extraterrestrials is fact.
There's many other people
have reported this, including
a scientist from Boeing once
that talked about it at a UFO
convention some years ago.
So I believe that.
I believe that we
have gotten technology
from extraterrestrials.
And we filtered
it in to society.
And that's what
we hope we can do
with some of this other
technology that wouldn't damage
national security, wouldn't
upset the apple cart,
so to speak, or let the
North Koreans or the Russians
or Chinese or Iranians--
>> Use it something negative.
>> Right.
>> What are some of the positive
things that you could mention
that will help humanity?
>> Medical research.
There's so much out there, I
don't know a whole lot about it,
but there's people out
there a lot smarter than me
that are doctors
and like yourself,
who is medically qualified
to understand that there's
medicines that we
could obtain or learn
to make from extraterrestrial
technology or something that can
cure cancer, some
kind of new apparatus
that can-- diagnostic
system that can tell
whether a person has or
will eventually have cancer
or some other genetic defect.
I think those things that
we should be working on
to get that out to the public.
And I think right now we
do know about these things
that the extraterrestrials
either given us
or we've obtained from them
through reverse-engineering.
And that's a very
important factor
in the disclosure process.
We need that information
out for mankind.
Why holding that back would
harm national security?
It wouldn't.
It wouldn't. harm
national security.
It would help us and
to help all mankind.
>> Yes, I agree with that,
and that's very beautiful.
How much is DARPA centric to
extraterrestrial technology?
>> Well, certainly not
everything that DARPA
administers pertains to
extraterrestrial technology.
There's a lot of programs
on the outside, so to speak,
that aren't special
access programs.
For instance, the B-21
aircraft or some contracts
that deals with advanced
propulsion systems,
they can be used in
the private sector.
They don't have anything to
do with advanced technology
in the realm of alien
technology, things like that,
or just a new fountain pen.
And I didn't even know about
this until somebody directed me
to it.
There's a company
out there, and I
can't remember the
name of the company,
but that has a
contract through DARPA
to develop a special pen to be
used by military personnel that
can write in any
type of environment,
including space and
anti-gravity and all sorts
of different environments.
And this company is
actually working on that.
Now, I'm sure at
some point, if they
do create a pen
like that, which I'm
sure they will, that's
going to be an easy way
to get to the public, because
it's not advanced technology.
It's a pen you can
write upside down or--
>> It can't be used against you.
>> Right, in the water,
in a deep environment,
positive pressure
environment, all these things.
That's just one
example of something
DARPA is administering.
That has nothing to do with
extraterrestrial technology,
but could help the
public today or tomorrow.
And also, they have
a they're working
on a new similar
to a thumb drive,
but it's a very small
device that a person
can hold in their hand
and touch the computer.
And now everything
from that computer
is going into that device,
not through the computer,
but through your body.
There's a way that that--
I saw it demonstrated at
a scientific convention--
>> That's fascinating.
>> --where you have-- you hold
this thing in your and then you
touch the computer, and what's
on the screen goes into this,
and then you play
it the same way.
You download it
into this computer.
That's amazing that you don't
need to put it in the computer
anymore.
And you can be
some distance away.
I guess it works on frequencies.
I don't know.
>> It would have to
be bigger for me,
because that little thing
I'd lose in two seconds.
>> Yeah.
So there's, there's a lot
of technology out there.
A new keyboard system
that's all voice-controlled,
these things are
going on within DARPA
right now, which I don't
know that it's classified,
but there's companies out there
working on a new voice control
keyboard for your computer.
You don't have to type it.
You just talk.
And it automatically
goes in there
and it makes
corrections for you.
So it's software probably
more than the hardware,
but it's a program that that's
being developed by a contractor,
I think, L3Harris that will
do away with a keyboard.
>> As a percentage, how much of
that is extraterrestrial and how
much is not, you
think, with DARPA?
>> A guess, and I wouldn't--
I don't know this
for a fact, but I
guess it's about a 60% to 70%
pertains to nonhuman technology,
and the other 40% or 50%
contains to just nothing
to do with human
nonhuman intelligence.
>> Well, that's a lot.
I mean, that's more than half.
So that means half--
more than half
their budget is going
towards extraterrestrials.
>> But you got to
understand that the budget,
as directly proportional to what
they're trying to develop out
here in the defense industry,
it takes a lot of money,
because they have to
advance their technology.
They might have to
build a new machine
to examine something
or take something apart
that's of alien technology.
There's a particular
example of this.
Some years ago, a
defense contractor
got a piece, not the whole
thing, but a piece of a craft.
And they gave it to a
particular defense contractor.
And defense contractor
says, number one,
we have to develop
something to develop this
or to understand it.
So they spent millions and
millions of dollars on--
I guess, they got the engineers
to develop it and create
a machine that could do
what they needed to do.
And now that's millions
of dollars spent just
to develop a machine
that can analyze
the extraterrestrial device.
That's just an example of
what they're dealing with.
>> There have these really
private secret auctions at Los
Alamos that once they build
something-- like one time,
they had a piece of a craft,
and they needed to get a piece
of that craft, but they didn't
have anything strong enough
to get a sample of it.
So they had to build this giant
diamond cutting graphene machine
just to get a sample of it.
And once they did
it, that machine
is now never going
to be used again.
It sits on a shelf
for 20 years or so,
and then they sell
this stuff after 30,
40 years at the auction.
So it's amazing how much money
they put into something just
to get something and then
trash the whole laboratory.
>> That's a good example
right there, Emery.
>> Are you aware of any nonhuman
intelligences working for DARPA
or working with the
scientists in DARPA?
- Well, I think we know of
one at Area 51 named J-Rod.
I'm not sure exactly what that
entity is, but as I understand,
he's assisting.
And there are a number
of defense contractors
out there at Papoose
and Area 51 that
are assisting in
reverse-engineering
of flying crafts.
And that's primarily
what they do out there.
And so, yes, I would
believe that we
have at least one particular
extraterrestrial that
is assisting in these DARPA
project or DARPA contracts.
And we may have more than one.
There are rumors
that we have maybe up
to 10 different
extraterrestrials.
But I know of one, and
that would be J-Rod.
>> Is there anything about DARPA
that may be part of disclosure?
>> Yes.
I think revealing the
defense contractors who
are dealing directly
with nonhuman technology,
I think we can--
I don't think that should
be a hidden secret.
I think that people should
know that we do have somebody
out there, defense contractor,
that is trying to understand
extraterrestrial technology,
because that's going to be one
of the questions people ask.
>> Right.
>> If we do a disclosure
right now and say, you know,
we have a craft from 1947
or maybe before that,
and we're trying
to analyze that.
And we've had 25 or 30 crash
recovery operations since then,
and we're trying to
understand all this,
that all comes into play.
And so I think the fact that
the people want to know this,
and we don't have to-- they
don't have to be told everything
about these crafts,
but just the fact
that we do have defense
contractors trying to understand
these to better our technology.
>> Do you think the government
would step up and protect those
defense contractors if they
were ordered to tell all?
>> That's a good question.
You know what?
Everybody wants to
keep their own secrets.
>> Right.
>> And they don't want
to share anything.
And the defense contractors--
>> That's how they
make the money.
>> --are just exactly like that.
>> Well, in summary, DARPA is
the center of control for all
this information to come into.
And there are no others, right?
>> No, not that I know of.
DARPA controls the contracts.
>> And the information
comes back through DARPA
to the government, or
do they report directly
to the government.
DARPA reports directly to--
>> I mean, the contractors.
>> The contractors
report to DARPA,
and they don't report to the
Defense Intelligence Agency
or CIA or wherever the
contract comes from.
DARPA controls that.
It's a one-way street
in, and DARPA puts--
brings it back out the
opposite direction to DARPA.
There's only about 200
people that work at DARPA.
And they're contract
administrators or security
administrators.
And they're also what we call
keepers of the special access
programs.
And OSI agents are
assigned to DARPA,
and then they go out to
these defense contractors.
And they have to have an
office within those plants,
the OSI has to.
And it's paid for
through that contract.
And so all the
information pertaining
to reverse engineering,
everything the contractors found
and reports comes
back through DARPA,
and then it's filtered
to either the Air Force
or primarily to the Defense
Intelligence Agency.
Plus, there's a council,
a council of that
controls who gets everything.
It's not one person.
It's a contract.
And they have a legal division
because these contracts
have to be a legal document.
So all these people get
together to decide in which
contractor gets which item.
But as I said before, we
have sole source contractors
that does this work and has done
this work for years and years
and years.
>> Of course.
>> So they're most likely going
to get these high-level special
access program,
reverse-engineering contracts.
The most knowledgeable person
within a DARPA structure
that knows everything
there is or close
to everything there is
about nonhuman intelligence
and nonhuman technology
would be the director
of DARPA, the single
person within DARPA that
might know everything there is
to know about these contracts
and what's required of these
defense contractors relating
to nonhuman technology.
>> Richard, thank you so
much for being on the show.
>> It's my pleasure.
>> I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[AUDIO LOGO]